here are this week's top movies haven't
you ever wanted something more you
should be serving your country lucien
based on a true story american-made
follows a pilot recruited by the CIA to
run a covert operation oh this is legal
if you're doing up for the good guys I
would like you to stop my heart you give
it one minute and then you bring me back
in Flatliners five medical students
discover that the afterlife is far more
frightening than they ever could have
imagined in Victoria and Abdul British
Queen Victoria finds unexpected
friendship the young Indian clerk see
what's hot in theaters with this week's
fantasy patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]